♪ If you'd have told me ♪ ♪ A year ago ♪ ♪ That I'd be locked inside of my home ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah ♪ ♪ I would have told you ♪ ♪ A year ago ♪ ♪ Interesting, now leave me alone ♪ ♪ Sorry that I look like a mess ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah ♪ ♪ I booked a haircut
But it got rescheduled ♪ ♪ Robert's been a little depressed ♪ ♪ No! ♪ ♪ And so today I'm gonna try just ♪ ♪ Getting up, sitting down ♪ ♪ Going back to work ♪ ♪ Might not help
But still it couldn't hurt ♪ ♪ I'm sitting down, writing jokes ♪ ♪ Singing silly songs ♪ ♪ I'm sorry I was gone ♪ ♪ But look, I made you some content ♪ ♪ Daddy made you your favorite
Open wide ♪ ♪ Here comes the content ♪ ♪ It's a beautiful day ♪ ♪ To stay inside ♪ Camera test. ♪ The world is changing ♪ ♪ The planet's heating up ♪ ♪ What the fuck is going on? ♪ ♪ Rearranging ♪ ♪ It's like everything
Happened all at once ♪ ♪ Um, what the fuck is going on? ♪ ♪ The people rising in the streets ♪ ♪ The war, the drought ♪ ♪ The more I look ♪ ♪ The more I see nothing to joke about ♪ ♪ Is comedy over? ♪ ♪ Should I leave you alone? ♪ ♪ 'Cause really who's gonna go for ♪ ♪ Joking at a time like this? ♪ ♪ Should I be joking
At a time like this? ♪ ♪ I wanna help to leave this world ♪ ♪ Better than I found it ♪ ♪ And I fear that comedy won't help ♪ ♪ And the fear is not unfounded ♪ ♪ Should I stop trying to be funny? ♪ ♪ Should I give away my money? ♪ ♪ No! ♪ ♪ What do I do? ♪ ♪ Healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ The indescribable power of your comedy ♪ ♪ The world needs direction ♪ ♪ From a white guy like me ♪ - ♪ Bingo ♪
-♪ Who is healing the world with comedy ♪ That's it. The world is so fucked up. Systematic oppression. Income inequality. The other stuff. And there's only one thing
that I can do about it, while… while being paid,
and being the center of attention. ♪ Healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ Making a literal difference
Metaphorically ♪ ♪ A Jew walks into a bar ♪ ♪ And I've saved him a seat ♪ ♪ That's healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ I'm a special kind of white guy ♪ ♪ I self-reflected
And I want to be an agent of change ♪ ♪ So I am gonna use my privilege
For the good ♪ ♪ Very cool, way to go! ♪ ♪ American white guys ♪ ♪ We've had the floor
For at least 400 years ♪ ♪ So maybe I should just
Shut the fuck up… ♪ I'm bored. ♪ I don't wanna do that ♪ -♪ There's gotta be another way ♪
-♪ Yes ♪ ♪ For me to help out
Without standing on the sidelines ♪ -♪ Never ♪
-♪ The wait is over ♪ ♪ I'm white
And I'm here to save the day ♪ ♪ Lord help me channel
Sandra Bullock in The Blind Side ♪ ♪ Sandra Bullock! ♪ ♪ Healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ Making a literal difference
Metaphorically ♪ ♪ And yes, most likely they'll pay me ♪ ♪ But I'd do it for free ♪ ♪ I am healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ If you wake up in a house
That's full of smoke ♪ ♪ Don't panic ♪ ♪ Call me, and I'll tell you a joke ♪ ♪ If you see white men
Dressed in white cloaks ♪ ♪ Don't panic ♪ ♪ Call me, and I'll tell you a joke ♪ ♪ Oh shit ♪ ♪ Should I be joking
At a time like this? ♪ ♪ If you start to smell burning toast ♪ ♪ You're having a stroke
Or overcooking your toast ♪ ♪ If you wake up in a house
That's full of smoke ♪ ♪ Don't panic
Call me, and I'll tell you a joke ♪ ♪ If you see white men
Dressed in white cloaks ♪ ♪ Don't panic
Call me, and I'll tell you a joke ♪ ♪ Oh shit ♪ ♪ Should I be joking
At a time like this? ♪ ♪ Somebody help me out ♪ ♪ 'Cause I don't know ♪ ♪ And I want to help to leave this world ♪ ♪ Better than I found it ♪ ♪ And I fear that comedy won't help ♪ ♪ And the fear is not unfounded ♪ ♪ Should I stop trying to be funny? ♪ ♪ Should I give away my money? ♪ ♪ No! ♪ ♪ I know what I gotta do ♪ ♪ Healing the world with comedy ♪ ♪ Making a literal difference
Metaphorically ♪ ♪ I swore I'd never be back ♪ ♪ But now I'm back on my feet ♪ ♪ And I'm healing the world with comedy ♪ Hi. Welcome to, uh, whatever this is. Um, I've been working
for the last couple months, um, testing this camera,
and testing lights, and writing, and I've decided to, uh,
try to make a new special. For real. Um, it's not gonna be a normal special because there's no audience,
and there's no crew. It's just me and my camera, and you and your screen. Uh, the way that… that our Lord intended. Um… And the whole special
will be… will be filmed in this, uh, room. And instead of being filmed in a single night, it will be filmed in uh, however long it takes to finish. I hope you, uh, enjoy it. I… I hope this special
can maybe do for you what it's done for me
these last couple months, which is, uh, to distract me from wanting to put a bullet into my head with a gun. So… Yeah, thank you. And a warning. Um, I can already sort of tell
that this special is going to be a little all over the place, so don't expect
incredibly smooth transiti-- ♪ Pour me a drink and clear my schedule ♪ ♪ I'mma FaceTime with my mom tonight ♪ ♪ Tonight ♪ ♪ These 40 minutes are essential ♪ ♪ I'mma FaceTime with my mom tonight ♪ ♪ Tonight ♪ ♪ I call, she answers
And her hair is wet ♪ ♪ Hair is wet ♪ ♪ I say, "Did you just shower?" ♪ She says, "How'd you guess?" ♪ ♪ I say, "Your hair is wet"
She says, "Oh yeah" ♪ ♪ I tell my boys I need some space, yeah ♪ ♪ I'mma FaceTime with my mom tonight ♪ ♪ She'll hold her iPhone 5
No further than six inches from her face ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'mma FaceTime
With my mom tonight ♪ ♪ Tonight ♪ ♪ She says, "Oh, look who's here" ♪ ♪ Say hi to Dad ♪ ♪ Hi to Dad ♪ ♪ He says, "How ya doing, bud?" ♪ I say, "I'm not so bad" ♪ ♪ And that's the deepest talk
We've ever had ♪ ♪ Watching as she looks for her glasses ♪ ♪ I'mma FaceTime with my mom tonight ♪ ♪ She'll tell me all about ♪ ♪ The season six finale of The Blacklist ♪ ♪ I'mma FaceTime with my mom tonight ♪ ♪ Tonight ♪ ♪ My mother's covering
Her camera with her thumb ♪ ♪ I'll waste my time
FaceTiming with my mom ♪ ♪ My mother's covering
Her camera with her thumb ♪ ♪ I'll waste my time
FaceTiming with my mom ♪ ♪ My mother's covering
Her camera with her thumb ♪ ♪ I'll waste my time
FaceTiming with my mom ♪ ♪ My mother's covering
Her camera with her thumb ♪ ♪ I'll waste my time
FaceTiming with my mom ♪ Hey, kids. Today, we're gonna learn about the world. ♪ The world that's around us ♪ ♪ Is pretty amazing ♪ ♪ But how does it work? ♪ ♪ It must be complicated ♪ ♪ The secret is the world can only work ♪ ♪ When everything works together ♪ ♪ A bee drinks from a flower ♪ ♪ And leaves with its pollen ♪ ♪ A squirrel in a tree
Spreads the seeds that have fallen ♪ ♪ Everything works together ♪ ♪ The biggest elephant, the littlest fly ♪ ♪ The gophers underground
The birds in the sky ♪ ♪ And every single cricket
Every fish in the sea ♪ ♪ Gives what they can
And gets what they need ♪ ♪ That is how the world works ♪ ♪ That is how the world works ♪ ♪ From A to Zebra
To the worms in the dirt ♪ ♪ That's how ♪ ♪ It works ♪ Hey, everyone.
Look who stopped by to say hello. It's Socko. Hey! Where you been, Socko? I've been where I always am
when you're not wearing me on your hand. In a frightening,
liminal space between states of being. Not quite dead, not quite alive. It's similar to a constant state
of sleep paralysis. Socko, we were just talking
about the world and how it works. Boy, that sounds complicated. Do you have anything you'd want
to teach us about the world? I wouldn't say anything that you probably
haven't already said yourself. I don't know about that, Socko. How about you give it a try? All right. ♪ The simple narrative taught
In every history class ♪ ♪ Is demonstrably false
And pedagogically classist ♪ ♪ Don't you know
The world is built with blood ♪ ♪ And genocide and exploitation ♪ ♪ The global network of capital
Essentially functions ♪ ♪ To separate the worker
From the means of production ♪ ♪ And the FBI killed Martin Luther King ♪ ♪ Private property's inherently theft ♪ ♪ And neoliberal fascists
Are destroying the left ♪ ♪ And every politician ♪ ♪ Every cop on the street ♪ ♪ Protects the interests
Of the pedophilic corporate elite ♪ ♪ That is how the world works… ♪ Really? ♪ That is how the world works ♪ ♪ Genocide
The Natives say you got to it first ♪ ♪ That's how ♪ ♪ It works ♪ That's pretty intense. No shit. What can I do to help? Read a book or something. I don't know. Just don't burden me
with the responsibility of educating you. It's incredibly exhausting. I'm sorry, Socko. I was just trying
to become a better person. Why do you rich fucking white people insist on seeing
every socio-political conflict through the myopic lens
of your own self-actualization? This isn't about you. So either get with it,
or get out of the fucking way. Watch your mouth, buddy.
Remember who's on whose hand here. But that's what I--
Have you not been fucking listening? -We are entrenched in--
-All right. Wait! No, please!
I don't want to go back. I can't go… I can't go back. Please. Please. I'm sorry. Are you gonna behave yourself? Yes. Yes, what? -Yes, sir.
-Look at me. Yes, sir. That's better. ♪ That is how the world works ♪ ♪ That is how the world works ♪ ♪ I hope you learned your lesson ♪ ♪ I did and it hurt! ♪ ♪ That's how ♪ ♪ It works ♪ No! Hello, my name is Bo Burnham. And I am a former comedian, turned social brand consultant. It's a very exciting time to be a,
uh, brand. It's also a bit of a scary time
because customers expect a lot more from their brands
than they did in the past. During this incredibly necessary and overdue social reckoning
that we're having in our culture, it is no longer acceptable for brands
to stay out of the conversation. Consumers want to know, "Are you willing
to use your brand awareness to effect positive social change?" Which will create more brand awareness. The question I ask the brands I work with
is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is… "Are you gonna be
on the right side of history?" The question isn't,
"What are you selling?" Or… or "What service are you providing?" The question is, "What do you stand for?" Who are you, Bagel Bites? All these big companies, they're so scared of all this social change, and I come in
and I put their fears to rest. You know, I tell them, "Just be honest." "Tell your customers
that… that JPMorgan is against racism." In theory. The question is no longer, "Do you want to buy Wheat Thins?"
For example. The question is now, "Will you support Wheat Thins
in the fight against Lyme disease?" There's no sugarcoating it. The world is… fucked up. And you've got a choice as a brand.
You can… hide and bury your head in the sand
and hope it fixes itself, or you can roll up your sleeves
and get to work, and sell Butterfingers. ♪ An open window ♪ ♪ A novel ♪ ♪ A couple holding hands ♪ ♪ An avocado ♪ ♪ A poem ♪ ♪ Written in the sand ♪ ♪ Fresh fallen snow on the ground ♪ ♪ A golden retriever in a flower crown ♪ ♪ Is this heaven ♪ ♪ Or is it just a white woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ Latte foam art ♪ ♪ Tiny pumpkins ♪ ♪ Fuzzy, comfy socks ♪ ♪ Coffee table made out of driftwood ♪ ♪ A bobblehead of Ruth Bader Ginsburg ♪ ♪ A needlepoint of a fox ♪ ♪ Some random quote
From Lord of the Rings ♪ ♪ Incorrectly attributed
To Martin Luther King ♪ ♪ Is this heaven ♪ ♪ Or am I looking at a white woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ Her favorite photo of her mom ♪ ♪ The caption says ♪ ♪ I can't believe it ♪ ♪ It's been a decade
Since you've been gone ♪ ♪ Momma, I miss you ♪ ♪ I miss sitting with you
In the front yard ♪ ♪ Still figuring out
How to keep living without you ♪ ♪ It's got a little better
But it's still hard ♪ ♪ Momma, I got a job I love
And my own apartment ♪ ♪ Momma, I got a boyfriend
And I'm crazy about him ♪ ♪ Your little girl didn't do too bad ♪ ♪ Momma, I love you
Give a hug and kiss to Dad ♪ ♪ A goat-cheese salad ♪ ♪ A backlit hammock ♪ ♪ A simple glass of wine ♪ ♪ Incredibly derivative
Political street art ♪ ♪ A dreamcatcher
Bought from Urban Outfitters ♪ ♪ A vintage neon sign ♪ ♪ Three little words, a couple of doves ♪ ♪ And a ring on her finger
From the person that she loves ♪ ♪ Is this heaven ♪ ♪ Or is it just a white woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ ♪ White woman ♪ ♪ A white woman's Instagram ♪ Here's a question for you guys. Um… Is it… is it necessary? Is it necessary
that every single person on this planet um, expresses every single opinion
that they have on every single thing that occurs all at the same time? Is that… is that necessary? Um… Or to ask in a slightly different way, um, can… can anyone shut the fuck up? Can… can anyone, any… any… any one, any single one, can any one… …shut the fuck up about anything-- About any… any single thing? Can any single person shut the fuck up about any single thing for an hour? You know, is that… is that possible? And I know you're thinking, "You're not shutting
the fuck up right now," and that's true, but… ♪ Who needs a coffee
'Cause I'm doing a run ♪ ♪ I'm writing down the orders now
For everyone ♪ ♪ The coffee is free, just like me ♪ ♪ I'm an unpaid intern ♪ ♪ Sorting papers, running around ♪ ♪ Sitting in the meeting
I'm not making a sound ♪ ♪ Barely people, somehow legal ♪ ♪ Unpaid intern ♪ ♪ You work all day, go back to your dorm ♪ ♪ And since you can't afford a mortgage
You just torrent a porn ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're an intern ♪ ♪ Unpaid ♪ Hey, everybody. Um, I thought I'd do a reaction video
to the song that you just saw me perform. Thought that might be fun. Um, so I got my laptop all set up.
So I'm ready to go, and let's go. ♪ Who needs a coffee
'Cause I'm doing a run… ♪ I like this song. Um, so the idea with this song
was basically that there's so many songs in the past about…
about working-class jobs, but not a lot about the labor exploitation
of the modern world, so that was the idea here. ♪ Barely people, somehow legal… ♪ My beard is a little shorter in this video
'cause I filmed it a couple weeks ago. ♪ Go back to your dorm ♪ ♪ And since you can't afford a mortgage
You just… ♪ I think it holds up.
The song, not the beard. ♪ Unpaid ♪ And then you cut.
I think it's funny to cut right on-- …do a reaction video
to the song that you just saw me perform. -Thought that might be fun.
-What… Um, so I got my… Because this video played after that. Right. So, and now… Right. Okay, so I'll just keep reacting. So, this is me reacting to the song. Um… What I'm doing is I'm explaining
what the song means. Um, and what it's about.
I'm being a little pretentious. It's, uh… it's an instinct I have
where I need everything that I write to have some deeper meaning or something. But it's a stupid song,
and, uh, it doesn't really mean anything, and, uh, it's… it's pretty unlikable
that I… that I feel this need, this desperate need,
to be seen as intelligent. And the video's ending here,
as you can see, and look, I'm very confused.
See, I'm very, very confused. 'Cause I'm staring at myself,
I don't know what I'm looking at, and I'm starting to catch up now,
and realizing what's going on. And, uh, yeah, now I'm deciding to react to the reaction to the video. So here, um, I'm reacting
to my own reacting, and I'm criticizing my initial reaction
for… for being pretentious, which is… which is honestly,
it's a… it's a defense mechanism. I'm… I'm so worried
that criticism will be levied against me that I levy it against myself
before anyone else can. And I think that, "Oh, if I'm self-aware
about being a douchebag, it'll somehow make me less
of a douchebag." But it… but it doesn't. Um, self-awareness does not absolve
anybody of anything. Am I balding?
This is really, really disturbing. I don't like looking at myself like this,
and I want… I want this to stop. Okay, I want this to stop.
I'm… I'm stopping this. So, yeah,
that was, uh, my reaction to the song, and I hope you enjoyed it. ♪ CEO, entrepreneur ♪ ♪ Born in 1964 ♪ ♪ Jeffrey ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ CEO, entrepreneur ♪ ♪ Born in 1964 ♪ ♪ Jeffrey ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Come on, Jeffrey, you can do it ♪ ♪ Pave the way, put your back into it ♪ ♪ Tell us why
Show us how ♪ ♪ Look at where you came from
Look at you now ♪ ♪ Zuckerberg and Gates and Buffet ♪ ♪ Amateurs can fucking suck it ♪ ♪ Fuck their wives, drink their blood ♪ ♪ Come on, Jeff, get 'em! ♪ I don't know about you guys, but, um, you know,
I've been thinking recently that… that you know, maybe, um, allowing giant digital media corporations to exploit the neurochemical drama of our children for profit… You know, maybe that was, uh… a bad call by us. Maybe… maybe the… the flattening of the entire
subjective human experience into a… lifeless exchange of value that benefits nobody, except for, um, you know, a handful of bug-eyed salamanders
in Silicon Valley… Maybe that as a… as a way of life forever… maybe that's, um, not good. I'm… horny. Sexting ♪ It isn't sex
It's the next best thing ♪ ♪ Sexting ♪ ♪ Aye, aye ♪ ♪ AT&T ♪ ♪ I am in bed ♪ ♪ I am ready to go with you ♪ ♪ Tonight I'm thinking of taking it slow ♪ ♪ We'll use emojis only ♪ ♪ We don't need phonetical diction ♪ ♪ We'll talk dirty
Like we're ancient Egyptians ♪ ♪ You send me a peach ♪ ♪ I send a carrot back ♪ ♪ You send a Ferris wheel ♪ ♪ That's pretty abstract ♪ ♪ I send back a ticket stub ♪ ♪ Implying that
The Ferris wheel's your body ♪ ♪ And I'd really love admission to it ♪ ♪ Oh no! ♪ ♪ What if now you think
That I'm implying ♪ ♪ Your vagina
Is as big as a Ferris wheel? ♪ ♪ Damn ♪ ♪ You send back a snowman ♪ ♪ Crisis averted ♪ -♪ Thank God ♪
-♪ Sexting ♪ ♪ It isn't sex
It's the next best thing ♪ ♪ Sexting ♪ ♪ Aye, aye ♪ ♪ AT&T ♪ ♪ No more emojis, now it's on to words ♪ ♪ I ask what you're wearing
You reply, "A shirt" ♪ ♪ You say, "Are you naked?" ♪ ♪ I say, "Yeah, except for a top hat" ♪ ♪ You say, ""lmao." But I doubt that ♪ I'm getting hot at just the thought
Of what I'd do to you ♪ ♪ 'Cause in my head I'm in your bed
And getting through to you ♪ ♪ They made the Internet
For nights like these ♪ ♪ I love you, baby
Send a picture of your tits, please ♪ -♪ Sexting ♪
-♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ It isn't sex
It's the next best thing ♪ ♪ Sexting ♪ -♪ We are sexting ♪
-♪ Aye, aye ♪ ♪ AT&T ♪ ♪ You send the pic
And say it's now my turn ♪ ♪ Jesus fucking Christ
I guess I never learn ♪ ♪ My phone's flash is my only light ♪ ♪ And the flash
Makes my dick look frightened ♪ ♪ I chicken out
And send a picture of my face instead ♪ ♪ Because my dick looks like
The baby from Eraserhead ♪ ♪ You say, "I sent my titties
That's not fair" ♪ ♪ So I send it to you
And then my phone dies ♪ ♪ Another night on my own, yeah ♪ ♪ Stuck in my home, yeah ♪ ♪ Sitting alone, one hand on my dick
And one hand on my phone, yeah ♪ ♪ Another night on my own, yeah ♪ ♪ Stuck in my home, yeah ♪ ♪ Sitting alone, one hand on my dick
And one hand on my phone, yeah ♪ ♪ Another night on my own, yeah ♪ ♪ Stuck in my home, yeah ♪ ♪ Sitting alone, one hand on my dick ♪ -♪ And one hand on my phone, yeah ♪
-♪ Pussy ♪ -♪ Another night on my own, yeah ♪
-♪ Titties ♪ -♪ Stuck in my home, yeah ♪
-♪ Balls ♪ ♪ Sitting alone, one hand on my dick
And one hand on my phone, yeah ♪ Hey, everybody. Um, I just wanted to make
a really quick video to say thank you. -Thank you for watching my content. As you guys know, I work really hard
to try to bring you guys high-quality content
that I think you'll enjoy. So the fact that you are enjoying it,
means everything to me. So thank you, and also keep watching, 'cause there's a lot more content
where that came from. All right, guys, see you later. ♪ Trying to be funny and stuck in a room ♪ ♪ There isn't much more to say about it ♪ ♪ Can one be funny when stuck in a room? ♪ I took a big fucking breath. ♪ Trying to be funny and stuck in a room ♪ ♪ There isn't much more to say about it ♪ ♪ Can one be funny when stuck in a room? ♪ ♪ Being in
Trying to get something out of it ♪ ♪ Try making faces ♪ ♪ Try telling jokes ♪ ♪ Making little sounds ♪ ♪ I was a kid who was stuck in his room ♪ ♪ There isn't much more to say about it ♪ ♪ When you're a kid
And you're stuck in your room ♪ ♪ You'll do any old shit
To get out of it ♪ ♪ Try making faces ♪ ♪ Try telling jokes ♪ ♪ Making little sounds ♪ ♪ Well, well ♪ ♪ Look who's inside again ♪ ♪ Went out to look ♪ ♪ For a reason to hide again ♪ ♪ Well, well ♪ ♪ Buddy, you found it ♪ ♪ Now come out with your hands up ♪ ♪ We've got you surrounded ♪ One more. ♪ I grew up as your usual suburbanite ♪ ♪ A tiny town in Massachusetts
Overwhelmingly white ♪ ♪ I went to church on Sundays
In a suit and a tie ♪ ♪ Then spent my free time
Watching Family Guy ♪ ♪ I started doing comedy
When I was just a sheltered kid ♪ ♪ I wrote offensive shit
And I said it ♪ ♪ Father, please forgive me
For I did not realize what I did ♪ ♪ Or that I'd live to regret it ♪ ♪ Times are changing
And I'm getting old ♪ ♪ Are you gonna hold me accountable? ♪ ♪ My bed is empty, and I'm getting cold ♪ ♪ Isn't anybody gonna
Hold me accountable? ♪ ♪ I'm problematic ♪ ♪ He's a problem ♪ ♪ When I was 17, on Halloween ♪ ♪ I dressed up as Aladdin ♪ ♪ He's a problem ♪ ♪ I did not darken my skin ♪ ♪ But still it feels weird in hindsight ♪ ♪ I want to show you
How I'm growing as a person, but first ♪ ♪ I feel I must address the lyrics
From the previous verse ♪ ♪ I tried to hide behind my childhood
And that's not okay ♪ ♪ My actions are my own
I won't explain them away ♪ ♪ I've done a lot of self-reflecting
Since I started singing this song ♪ ♪ I was totally wrong when I said it ♪ ♪ Father, please forgive me
For I did not realize what I did ♪ ♪ Or that I'd live to regret it ♪ ♪ Times are changing
And I'm getting old ♪ ♪ Are you gonna hold me accountable? ♪ ♪ My bed is empty, and I'm getting cold ♪ ♪ Isn't anybody gonna
Hold me accountable? ♪ ♪ I'm problematic ♪ ♪ He's a problem ♪ ♪ I just remembered that Aladdin costume's
In my mother's attic ♪ -♪ He's a problem ♪
-♪ I'm gonna go home and burn it… ♪ Or not burn it. Is burning it bad?
What should I do with it? ♪ And I've been totally awful ♪ ♪ My closet is chock-full of stuff
That is vaguely shitty ♪ ♪ All of it was perfectly lawful ♪ ♪ Just not very thoughtful at all
And just really shitty ♪ ♪ And I've been totally awful ♪ ♪ My closet is chock-full of stuff
That is vaguely shitty ♪ ♪ All of it was perfectly lawful ♪ ♪ Just not very thoughtful at all
And just really ♪ ♪ And I'm really fucking sorry ♪ ♪ Bitch, I'm trying to listen
Shit, I’ve been complacent ♪ ♪ Sorry ♪ ♪ If I'm gonna catch up
First, I gotta fess up ♪ ♪ Sorry ♪ ♪ Sorry ♪ Sh-- So, um… I've been working on this special now
for six months. And… the whole time
I've had a… a goal in mind, which is I wanted to finish this thing before I turned 30. Um, because the idea of… of turning 30, while still in this fucking room, working on this thing alone, um, that just seemed… I just… I just wanted to avoid that. So… And you might be thinking, "Well,
that's fine. You know, look at you." "You radiate such youth." "You must not be turning 30 for years." And that's very, uh, nice of you to say. But the truth is um, I turn 30 in less than a minute. So I'm just gonna sit here and enjoy uh, my twenties, and then get back to work. Yay. ♪ I used to run for miles ♪ ♪ I used to ride my bike ♪ ♪ I used to wake up with a smile ♪ ♪ And go to bed at night with a dream ♪ Ah. ♪ But now I'm turning 30 ♪ ♪ No! ♪ ♪ I used to be the young one ♪ ♪ Got used to meeting people ♪ ♪ Who were used to meeting someone ♪ ♪ Who was born in 1990 ♪ ♪ No way! ♪ Yeah, I was born in 1990. ♪ Now I'm turning 30 ♪ God… God damn it. -♪ I'm ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ Turning ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ Thirty ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ I'm turning 30 ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ ♪ When he was 27 ♪ ♪ My granddad fought in Vietnam ♪ ♪ When I was 27 ♪ ♪ I built a birdhouse with my mom ♪ Oh fuck. ♪ How am I 30? ♪ ♪ I used to make fun of the boomers ♪ ♪ In retrospect, a bit too much ♪ ♪ Now all these fucking zoomers ♪ ♪ Are telling me that I'm out of touch ♪ Oh yeah? Well, your fucking phones
are poisoning your minds. Okay? So when you develop
a dissociative mental disorder in your late twenties,
don't come crawling back to me. -♪ I'm ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ Turning ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ Thirty ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ -♪ I'm turning 30 ♪
-♪ Turning 30, turning 30 ♪ ♪ And now my stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ My stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ My stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ My stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ And now my stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ My stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ My stupid friends
Are having stupid children ♪ ♪ Stupid, fucking ugly, boring children ♪ ♪ It's 2020, and I'm 30 ♪ ♪ I'll do another ten ♪ ♪ 2030 I'll be 40 and kill myself then ♪ -Okay. Check that one. -We'll do one more. I just wanna say for the record, um,
that I do not want to kill myself, okay? I don't wanna kill myself,
and I'm not going to kill myself. Um, and if you're out there and you're
struggling with suicidal thoughts and you want to kill yourself, I just want to tell you don't. Okay? Can you not, please? Just don't. All right? Fucking quit it with the-- But really, don't kill yourself.
You don't want to, because… There are people that love you… That's not true necessarily, but there could be people
that love you in the future, and just don't. I've had people close to me
kill themselves, and I'll be honest with you,
didn't love it. Didn't love that. So just don't. But if I could kill myself for a year… If I can-- I'd do it today. If I could kill myself today and be dead until like 18 months from now, um, I would do it, but alas… …when you kill yourself,
you're dead forever, and we shouldn't be dead forever yet. So let's not. Right? Come on, guys. ♪ How are you feeling? ♪ ♪ Do you like the show? ♪ ♪ Are you tired of it? ♪ ♪ Never mind, I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ Are you finding it boring? ♪ ♪ Too fast, too slow? ♪ ♪ I'm asking but don't answer ♪ ♪ 'Cause I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ Do I have your attention? ♪ ♪ Yes or no? ♪ ♪ I bet I'd guess the answer ♪ ♪ But I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ Am I on in the background? ♪ ♪ Are you on your phone? ♪ ♪ I'd ask you what you're watching ♪ ♪ But I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ Is there anyone out there? ♪ ♪ Or am I all alone? ♪ ♪ It wouldn't make a difference ♪ ♪ Still I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ I thought it'd be over by now ♪ ♪ But I got a while to go ♪ ♪ I'd give away the ending ♪ ♪ But you don't wanna kn-- ♪ What's up, boys. Welcome to the stream. Um, I'm gonna be doing
some live play today for the first time in a while. Uh, you guys have been wanting that,
so we're gonna do-- This is the title, Inside. I've got a lot of requests
for this game in chat. It's some indie developer.
I'm not really sure. I'm going in totally cold on this. Um, JB, thank you for the three months.
My dude, much appreciated. Um… Okay. That looks pretty good, graphics-wise.
I mean, I know it's a cinematic, but… So we're gonna be trying
to do live plays every day this week, so tune in for that. I would be gifting 30 subs
at the end of the week. Um, day 50, 250… All right,
so this dude's been in here for a while. -So is this like an escape the room? -Or… Okay. So I can cry. So he's… he's not happy
about being in this room. I like the music.
The music is actually nice on this. Controls are actually pretty smooth.
So you're in this like 2D set up, right? Like, I can't control the camera. Um… I'll give it-- I guess I'll cry again. -He's-- So is the dude big, or is the room small? That's what I'm confused about. Chat's saying, try the door.
Yeah, well, okay. I mean, I don't think
it's gonna be that simple, but I will. Yeah, there ya go. Um, okay,
Well, I think he'll probably cry again. -It's tough, dude. -It's tough. He's been in here a while. Um, see, I don't like that. I don't know why they feel the need
to give the hint so quick. I just wish they'd let me…
let me explore a little bit. Wha… I'm holding the flashlight
like a… like a cop. -Why is he doing that? Ah. All right. Okay. So… All right. Okay, he seems a little happier now.
That's nice. I don't know. I'll cry, I guess, again. Okay, I'm not sure
what I'm supposed to be do-- Oh! Nice. Okay, yeah. Yeah, great. Um… All right, I'm into this. Yeah, it's giving me
sort of like Death Stranding vibes, you know,
'cause it's, like, it's fucking boring, but that's, like, the point, I think. Dante, thank you for the four months.
Appreciate it. - How we feeling out there tonight? Yeah. I am not feeling good. ♪ Wake up at 11:30 ♪ -♪ Feeling like a bag of shit ♪
-♪ Oh no! ♪ ♪ All my clothes are dirty
So I'm smelling like a bag of shit ♪ ♪ Go to pour my coffee, and I miss my cup
OMG, that is just my luck ♪ ♪ Look in the mirror
Say, "What's up, you useless fuck?" ♪ ♪ Are you feeling what I'm feeling? ♪ ♪ I haven't had a shower
In the last nine days ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ ♪ Staring at the ceiling ♪ ♪ And waiting
For this feeling to go away ♪ ♪ But it won't go away ♪ ♪ I'm not really feeling
Like I wanna get lit ♪ -♪ Tell us how you're feeling ♪
-♪ Well, I feel like shit ♪ ♪ Oh, shit ♪ ♪ Feeling like
A saggy, massive sack of shit ♪ ♪ Oh, shit ♪ ♪ Big 'ol motherfucking
Duffel bag of shit ♪ ♪ Oh, shit ♪ ♪ All day, all shit ♪ ♪ I'm not really feeling
Like I wanna get lit ♪ -♪ Tell us how you're feeling ♪
-♪ I'm feeling like shit ♪ -♪ Ladies, do you feel like shit? ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪ -♪ Tell me, do you feel like shit? ♪
-♪ Oh yeah ♪ -♪ Fellas, are you feeling like shit? ♪
-♪ Huh ♪ -♪ Tell me, are you feeling like shit? ♪
-♪ Oh yeah ♪ -♪ Ladies, do you feel like shit? ♪
-♪ Yeah? ♪ -♪ Tell me, do you feel like shit? ♪
-♪ Oh yeah ♪ -♪ Fellas, are you feeling like shit? ♪
-♪ Huh? ♪ -♪ Tell me, are you feeling like shit? ♪
-♪ Oh yeah ♪ So, um, my… uh, my current mental health is… is… rapidly approaching, um, an ATL, which is, um, that's an "all-time low," not… not Atlanta. And… You know, I feel okay when I'm asleep.
Like when I'm asleep, I feel all right, but it's basically
from the moment I wake up, I, uh, I just get this-- ♪ Feeling in my body ♪ ♪ Way down deep inside me ♪ -♪ I try not to fight it ♪
-♪ Describe it ♪ ♪ All right
A few things start to happen ♪ ♪ My vision starts to flatten ♪ ♪ My heart, it gets to tappin' ♪ ♪ And I think I'm gonna die ♪ Yeah, so, um… Yeah. Not… Not doing great. ♪ Welcome to the Internet ♪ ♪ Have a look around ♪ ♪ Anything that brain of yours
Can think of can be found ♪ ♪ We've got mountains of content ♪ ♪ Some better, some worse ♪ ♪ If none of it's of interest to you
You'd be the first ♪ ♪ Welcome to the Internet ♪ ♪ Come and take a seat ♪ ♪ Would you like to see the news
Or any famous women's feet? ♪ ♪ There's no need to panic
This isn't a test ♪ ♪ Just nod or shake your head
And we'll do the rest ♪ ♪ Welcome to the Internet ♪ ♪ What would you prefer? ♪ ♪ Would you like to fight
For civil rights or tweet a racial slur? ♪ ♪ Be happy, be horny
Be bursting with rage ♪ ♪ We got a million different ways
To engage ♪ ♪ Welcome to the Internet ♪ ♪ Put your cares aside ♪ ♪ Here's a tip for straining pasta
Here's a nine-year-old who died ♪ ♪ We got movies and doctors
And fantasy sports ♪ ♪ And a bunch of colored-pencil drawings
Of all the characters in Harry Potter ♪ ♪ Fucking each other
Welcome to the Internet ♪ ♪ Hold on to your socks ♪ ♪ 'Cause a random guy just kindly sent you
Photos of his cock ♪ ♪ They are grainy and off-putting
He just sent you more ♪ ♪ Don't act surprised
You know you like it, you whore ♪ ♪ See a man beheaded
Get offended, see a shrink ♪ ♪ Show us pictures of your children
Tell us every thought you think ♪ ♪ Start a rumor, buy a broom
Or send a death threat to a boomer ♪ ♪ Or DM a girl and groom her
Do a Zoom or find a tumor ♪ ♪ And here's a healthy breakfast option
You should kill your mom ♪ ♪ Here's why women never fuck you
Here's how you can build a bomb ♪ ♪ Which Power Ranger are you?
Take this quirky quiz ♪ ♪ Obama sent the immigrants
To vaccinate your kids ♪ ♪ Could I interest you in everything
All of the time? ♪ ♪ A little bit of everything
All of the time ♪ ♪ Apathy's a tragedy
And boredom is a crime ♪ ♪ Anything and everything
All of the time ♪ ♪ Could I interest you in everything
All of the time? ♪ ♪ A little bit of everything
All of the time ♪ ♪ Apathy's a tragedy
And boredom is a crime ♪ ♪ Anything and everything
All of the time ♪ You know, it wasn't always like this. ♪ Not very long ago ♪ ♪ Just before your time ♪ ♪ Right before the towers fell ♪ ♪ Circa '99 ♪ ♪ This was catalogues ♪ ♪ Travel blogs ♪ ♪ A chat room or two ♪ ♪ We set our sights and spent our nights ♪ ♪ Waiting ♪ ♪ For you ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ Insatiable you ♪ ♪ Mommy let you use her iPad ♪ ♪ You were barely two ♪ ♪ And it did all the things ♪ ♪ We designed it to do ♪ ♪ Now look at you ♪ Oh. ♪ Look at you ♪ ♪ You, you ♪ ♪ Unstoppable, watchable ♪ ♪ Your time is now ♪ ♪ Your inside's out ♪ ♪ Honey, how you grew ♪ ♪ And if we stick together ♪ ♪ Who knows what we'll do ♪ ♪ It was always the plan ♪ ♪ To put the world in your hand ♪ ♪ Could I interest you in everything
All of the time? ♪ ♪ A bit of everything all of the time ♪ ♪ Apathy's a tragedy
And boredom is a crime ♪ ♪ Anything and everything
All of the time ♪ ♪ Could I interest you in everything
All of the time? ♪ ♪ A little bit of everything
All of the time ♪ ♪ Apathy's a tragedy
And boredom is a crime ♪ ♪ Anything and everything
And anything and everything ♪ ♪ And anything and everything
All of the time ♪ I've been freaking out for a long time, thinking I'm never gonna finish
this special and be working on it forever. And recently, I've been feeling like, "Oh, man, maybe I am
getting close to done with this." "Maybe I'm gonna finish it after all."
And that has made me completely freak out because if I finish this special, that means that I have to,
um, not work on it anymore. And that means
I have to just live my life, and so I'm not gonna do that,
and I'm gonna not finish the special. I'm gonna work on it forever, I think. So, yeah, I'm gonna work on this forever, and I'm never gonna release it.
I'm not talking to anybody now. I'm just talking to myself. So, yeah, who fucking cares? Fuck you, and goodbye,
and let's keep going. ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ You did it! ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Jeffrey Bezos ♪ ♪ Congratulations! ♪ Man, you guys are a great crowd. Give it up for yourselves for coming out,
by the way, tonight. Give it up. Supporting live comedy
in these weird times. Um, it's crazy. Um… These are some pretty crazy times,
but it's nice during these crazy times that we can get together. We can laugh. You know? Um… I've learned something
over this last year, which is pretty funny. Um, I've learned that real-world human-to-human
tactile contact will kill you, and that all human interaction, whether it be social, political,
spiritual, sexual, or interpersonal should be contained
in the much more safe, much more real interior digital space. That the outside world, the non-digital world, is merely a theatrical space
in which one stages and records content for the much more real,
much more vital digital space. One should only engage
with the outside world as one engages with a coal mine. Suit up, gather what is needed,
and return to the surface. Um… And is it just me, or do pirates need
to take a little bit better care of their fuckin' maps? You know, when I find a pirate's map, it's… it's always tea-stained,
and the edges are burnt, and it's like if you're a pirate,
all right, and you're gonna make this map and expect me
to carry it around the globe as I search for your treasure, then laminate it. I can't really, uh,
play the guitar very well, um, or sing, so… You know, apologies. ♪ Stunning 8K resolution meditation app ♪ ♪ In honor of the revolution ♪ ♪ It's half-off at the Gap ♪ ♪ Deadpool, self-awareness ♪ ♪ Loving parents, harmless fun ♪ ♪ The backlash to the backlash ♪ ♪ To the thing that's just begun ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ The surgeon general's pop-up shop ♪ ♪ Robert Iger's face ♪ ♪ Discount Etsy agitprop ♪ ♪ Bugle's take on race ♪ ♪ Female Colonel Sanders ♪ ♪ Easy answers, civil war ♪ ♪ The whole world at your fingertips ♪ ♪ The ocean at your door ♪ ♪ The live-action Lion King ♪ ♪ The Pepsi halftime show ♪ ♪ Twenty thousand years of this ♪ ♪ Seven more to go ♪ ♪ Carpool Karaoke ♪ ♪ Steve Aoki, Logan Paul ♪ ♪ A gift shop at the gun range ♪ ♪ A mass shooting at the mall ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ Reading Pornhub's terms of service ♪ ♪ Going for a drive ♪ ♪ And obeying all the traffic laws ♪ ♪ In Grand Theft Auto 5 ♪ ♪ Full agoraphobic ♪ ♪ Losing focus, cover blown ♪ ♪ A book on getting better ♪ ♪ Hand-delivered by a drone ♪ ♪ Total disassociation ♪ ♪ Fully out your mind ♪ ♪ Googling "derealization" ♪ ♪ Hating what you find ♪ ♪ That unapparent summer air ♪ ♪ In early fall ♪ ♪ The quiet comprehending ♪ ♪ Of the ending of it all ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ There it is ♪ ♪ Again ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ That funny feeling ♪ ♪ Hey, what can ya say? ♪ ♪ We were overdue ♪ ♪ But it'll be over soon ♪ ♪ You wait ♪ ♪ Hey, what can ya say? ♪ ♪ We were overdue ♪ ♪ But it'll be over soon ♪ ♪ Just wait ♪ ♪ Hey, what can ya say? ♪ ♪ We were overdue ♪ ♪ But it'll be over soon ♪ ♪ You wait ♪ ♪ Hey, what can ya say? ♪ ♪ We were overdue ♪ ♪ But it'll be over soon ♪ ♪ You wait ♪ ♪ Hey, what can ya say? ♪ ♪ We were overdue ♪ ♪ But it'll be over soon ♪ ♪ You wait ♪ So, I-- Jesus. So I've been working
on this, uh, special for… a year now. It-- Fucking… So I've been working on this special
for, um, a year now, which is, um, a lot longer than I anticipated working on it. When I started… So I've been working on-- I fucking… I can't. I fucking… Fucking… I am… not… um, well. Thank you, guys. Thank you very much. Thank you. You guys have been incredible. Thank you. I couldn't have done this
without you guys. I couldn't, really. I… This last year has been… You know, there have been times
that, um… But just knowing you're here, you know, feeling you here with me. Um… Yeah, thank you. You know, I hate to ask because, uh, you've given me so much. But… I need you to do one more thing for me. Can you do that? ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seats ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seats ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ ♪ Are you feeling nervous? ♪ ♪ Are you having fun? ♪ ♪ It's almost over ♪ ♪ It's just begun ♪ ♪ Don't overthink this ♪ ♪ Look in my eye ♪ ♪ Don't be scared, don't be shy ♪ ♪ Come on in, the water's fine ♪ ♪ We're going to go
Where everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ We're going to go
Where everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody knows ♪ ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me, yeah ♪ ♪ Hands down ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ Heads down now ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ You want to hear a funny story? So, uh, five years ago, I quit performing live comedy, because I was beginning to have, uh,
severe panic attacks while on stage, which is not a great place to have them. So, I… I quit. And I didn't perform for five years,
and I spent that time… trying to improve myself mentally. And you know what? I did! I got better. I got so much better, in fact, that in January of 2020, I thought, "You know what, I should… start performing again." "I've been hiding from the world, and I need to… reenter." And then… the funniest thing happened. ♪ Are you feeling nervous? ♪ ♪ Are you having fun? ♪ ♪ It's almost over ♪ ♪ It's just begun ♪ ♪ Don't overthink this ♪ ♪ Look in my eye ♪ ♪ Don't be scared, don't be shy ♪ ♪ Come on in, the water's fine ♪ ♪ You say the ocean's rising ♪ ♪ Like I give a shit ♪ ♪ You say the whole world's ending ♪ ♪ Honey, it already did ♪ ♪ You're not gonna slow it ♪ ♪ Heaven knows you tried ♪ ♪ Got it?
Good. Now get inside ♪ ♪ We're going to go
Where everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody knows ♪ ♪ We're going to go
Where everybody knows ♪ ♪ Everybody knows ♪ ♪ Come on, get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ ♪ Come on, get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me, yeah ♪ ♪ Hands down ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ Heads down now ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ I said, get your fuckin' hands up… ♪ Get up. Get up. I'm talking to you,
get the fuck up! ♪ Get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ ♪ Hey, now get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get on out of your seat ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me, yeah ♪ ♪ Come on, hands down ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ Heads down now ♪ ♪ Pray for me ♪ ♪ I said get your fuckin' hands up ♪ ♪ Get-- ♪ ♪ All eyes on me
All eyes on me ♪ Hi. Welcome to, uh, whatever this is, um… I think-- I think I'm… I'm done. Um, possible… uh, ending song that is not finished yet. Test. Take one. ♪ So long ♪ ♪ Goodbye ♪ ♪ I'll see you when I see you ♪ ♪ You can pick the street ♪ ♪ I'll meet you on the other side ♪ ♪ So long ♪ ♪ Goodbye ♪ ♪ Do I really have to finish? ♪ ♪ Do returns always diminish? ♪ ♪ Did I say that right? ♪ ♪ Does anybody want
To joke when no one's ♪ ♪ Laughing in the background? ♪ ♪ So this is how it ends ♪ ♪ I promise ♪ ♪ To never go outside again ♪ ♪ So long ♪ ♪ Bye ♪ ♪ I'm slowly losing power ♪ ♪ Has it only been an hour? ♪ ♪No, that can't be right ♪ ♪ So long ♪ ♪ Goodbye ♪ ♪ Hey, here's a fun idea ♪ ♪ How about I sit on the couch ♪ ♪ And I watch you next time ♪ ♪ I wanna hear you tell ♪ ♪ A joke when no one's ♪ ♪ Laughing in the background ♪ ♪ So this is how it ends ♪ ♪ I promise ♪ ♪ To never go outside again ♪ ♪ Am I going crazy? ♪ ♪ Would I even know? ♪ ♪ Am I right back where I started
Fourteen years ago? ♪ ♪ Wanna guess the ending? ♪ ♪ If it ever does ♪ ♪ I swear to God
That all I've ever wanted ♪ ♪ Was a little bit of everything ♪ ♪ All of the time ♪ ♪ A bit of everything all of the time ♪ ♪ Apathy's a tragedy
And boredom is a crime ♪ ♪ I'm finished playing
And I'm staying inside ♪ ♪ If I wake up in a house
That's full of smoke ♪ ♪ I'll panic
So call me up and tell me a joke ♪ ♪ When I'm fully irrelevant
And totally broken, damn it ♪ ♪ Call me up and tell me a joke ♪ ♪ Oh shit ♪ ♪ You're really joking
At a time like this ♪ ♪ Well, well ♪ ♪ Look who's inside again ♪ ♪ Went out to look ♪ ♪ For a reason to hide again ♪ ♪ Well, well ♪ ♪ Buddy, you found it ♪ ♪ Now come out with your hands up ♪ ♪ We've got you surrounded ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪ ♪ It'll stop any day now ♪ ♪ Any day now ♪